-- Comments begin with two dashes. Empty lines are ignored. ![...] denotes a probability weight.
-- Feel free to replace these. Why didn't I do this in the javascript itself? Too hard to manage the probabilities.

-- Basic
![64] Filter Activated!
![64] Making sure you're not a bot!
![64] Running proof of work challenge!

-- Most of the rest of these lines are memes and references to other media.

-- Castlevania dracula localization (aka. the reason why splashes are randomly chosen)
It was not by my hand that I was once again given flesh.
I was called here by ... Humans who wished to pay ME ... tribute!
![16] What is a man? A miserable pile of secrets?

-- Sonic the Hedgehog
Snooping as usual I seeeeee?!?!
That's no gooood...
GOTTA GO FAST!

-- MLG memes
Mom get the camera!
Happy feet WOMBO COMBO (That ain't Falco) That ain't Falco OH OHHHH!!!
Illuminati Confirmed!
I broke up with my ex girl. Here's her number ... SIKE! THAT'S THE WRONG NUMBER!!
[Air horn noises]
Oh baby a triple! Oh yeah!

-- Link: The Faces of Evil
Gee, it sure is boring around here!
Mah boi, this peace is what all true warriors strive for.
How about a kiss, for luck? (You got to be kidding me!)

Lamp oil? Rope? Bombs? You want it? It's yours, my friend, so long as you have enough rubies.
Sorry, Link. I can't give credit. Come back when you're a little ... mmm ... richer!

Keep going, boy; you're doing real well! Once you get rid of Ganon, we can get back to fishing!

oh my goodness This Is AWFUL! 

Join me, Link, and I will make your face the greatest in Koridai. Or else you will Die(TM)!
NOO!! NOT INTO THE PIT!! IT BURNSSSS!!!!

-- Zelda: The Wand of Gamelon
My ship sails in the morning. I wonder what's for dinner?
Oh boy, I'm so hungry, I could eat an Octorok!
Great! I can't wait to bomb some dodongos!

-- Zero Wing
SOMEBODY SET UP US THE BOMB
ALL YOUR BASE ARE BELONG TO US

-- Geometry dash
FIRE IN THE HOLE!
WATER ON THE HILL!
AIR DETECTED
Well met!
Ah, Welcome!
A true dasher does not need to check fluff, player. He goes by pure animal instinct.
quack.

-- AnarchyChess
Google En Passant
Holy Hell!
New response just dropped
Call the exorcist!

-- The King in Yellow (and related media)
Along the shore the cloud waves break, The twin suns sink behind the lake. The shadows lengthen ... In Carcosa.
It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of a living god!
Have you found the Yellow Sign?
![2] Whatever you do at the crossroads, don't turn left.

-- drive45
Your phone number is listed as DVD Vending Machine in the phonebook.
YOU BETTER EAT THOSE VEGETABLES!!
A broken plate is like a shrimp or maybe a sponge, and there are much scarier monsters that is my Financial Future.
Everything can be a little bitter. A little bitter doesn't mean this batter's badder--we just have to find some way to make this bitter batter a bit better.

-- Miscellaneous/inside jokes
There's really no hard limit to how long these messages can be and to be quite honest I'm rather curious to see how far we can go. <wikifur>Primagens are furry cyborgs which most notably have an electronic visor/display as a face. A Primagen's facial visor shows computer-generated eyes, nostrils, and a mouth which can all move and change shape in response to the character's emotions. A Primagen's visor forms a long snout shape. Primagens also have four robotic ears.</wikifur> Anyways, how's your day been?
You require one elephant.
Don't trust the pillars.